Updated - Minimum Vocabs List (#33)
Health-Informatics-UoN/carrot: website/src/pages/mapper/dev_guide/quickstart.mdx

## Prerequisites

- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
- [MS Azure Storage Explorer](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/storage/storage-explorer/#Download-4)
- Vocabularies downloaded from [Athena](https://athena.ohdsi.org/). The guide for downloading can be found [here](https://github.com/OHDSI/Vocabulary-v5.0/wiki/General-Structure,-Download-and-Use).

<Callout type="info">

>   Please note that all vocabularies are large files, so downloading them may take a while. You could **either download all of them** or just the **minimum required vocabularies**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For a quick start, we don't recommend downloading and importing all of the available vocabularies on Athena, which will make the Carrot installation slower. Instead, the list below suggests **minimum required vocabularies** for Carrot's quick start. 
If mappings across all vocabularies are required, please download all available ones from Athena.
```

</Callout>

> **The minimum required vocabularies** are the ones that are **generally required to run the Carrot Mapper app**. The rest of the vocabularies are optional and can be downloaded later if needed.

Reviewer: If you can modify the <callout> box above, then maybe you don't need this explanation here.

Author: Ok👍🏻

2. Once logged in, you will be presented with the Django Admin panel.
3. Following this order, fill out the required information to create new instance of `Data Partner`, `Dataset` and `Project`.

> ### Azure local storage setup

Author: Thanks Thien✌🏻
